\input texinfo    @c -*- texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename doc.info
@settitle CL-RRT

@documentlanguage ja


@c Version and Contact Info
@set AUTHOR Masataro Asai
@c %**end of header
@finalout


@copying
@end copying




@titlepage
@title CL-RRT

@author Masataro Asai

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top CL-RRT Manual
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* CL-RRT - Common Lisp implementation of RRT Rapidily exploring Random Tree::  
* API::                         
* Copyright::                   
* License::                     

@detailmenu
* Dependencies::                
* Installation::                
* Author::                      

API

* Core functions and generic functions::  
* Tree classes::                
* Helper functions::            

Helper functions

* Path and tree walking::       
* Node manipulation::           

@end detailmenu
@end menu




@node CL-RRT - Common Lisp implementation of RRT Rapidily exploring Random Tree
@chapter CL-RRT - Common Lisp implementation of RRT (Rapidily exploring Random Tree)

RRT is a fast probabilistic multidimentional path-plannning algorithm
introduced by S.M.LaValle @footnote{S.M. LaValle and J.J. Kuffner. Randomized kinodynamic
planning. @emph{The International Journal of Robotics Research}, Vol. 20,
No. 5, pp. 378–400, 2001.}. It now has a widespread use in robotics
and now able to handle the real time systems such as automatic car
driving AI. Also, it has various extentions and optimization methods
such as:

@itemize
@item 
MP-RRT

@item 
RR-belief-tree

@item 
RRG

@item 
RRT*

@item 
St-RRT

@end itemize


@menu
* Dependencies::                
* Installation::                
* Author::                      
@end menu

@node Dependencies
@section Dependencies

This library is at least tested on implementation listed below:

@itemize
@item 
SBCL 1.1.2 on X86-64 Linux  3.2.0-39-generic (author's environment)

@end itemize

Also, it depends on the following libraries:

@table @samp
@item ITERATE 
Jonathan Amsterdam's iterator/gatherer/accumulator facility


@item ALEXANDRIA 
Alexandria is a collection of portable public domain utilities.


@item CL-ANNOT by Tomohiro Matsuyama
Python-like Annotation Syntax for Common Lisp


@item ANAPHORA 

@end table

@node Installation
@section Installation

@itemize
@item 
First grab the code with @verb{~git clone git@github.com:guicho271828/cl-rrt.git~}

@item 
Put it in local-project folder

@item 
open slime REPL

@item 
@verb{~(ql:quickload :cl-rrt)~} and the library will be installed along with all
the dependencies

@end itemize

@node Author
@section Author

@itemize
@item 
Masataro Asai (guicho2.71828@@gmail.com)

@item 
Univ. Tokyo -> Grad. school of Tokyo University

@end itemize

@node API
@chapter API


@menu
* Core functions and generic functions::  
* Tree classes::                
* Helper functions::            
@end menu

@node Core functions and generic functions
@section Core functions and generic functions
@include include/class-cl-rrt-rrt-tree-mixin.texinfo
@include include/class-cl-rrt-rrt-tree-node.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-rrt-search.texinfo
@include include/condition-cl-rrt-no-enough-path.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-nearest-node.texinfo

@node Tree classes
@section Tree classes
@include include/class-cl-rrt-rrt-tree-list.texinfo
@include include/class-cl-rrt-rrt-tree-tree.texinfo

@node Helper functions
@section Helper functions


@menu
* Path and tree walking::       
* Node manipulation::           
@end menu

@node Path and tree walking
@subsection Path and tree walking
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-map-rrt-tree-content-recursively.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-map-rrt-tree-node-recursively.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-mapc-rrt-tree-content-recursively.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-mapc-rrt-tree-node-recursively.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-nnext-branch.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-result-path.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-result-path-nodes.texinfo

@node Node manipulation
@subsection Node manipulation
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-rrt-node.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-connect.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-disconnect.texinfo
@include include/condition-cl-rrt-child-not-found.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-neglect.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-orphanize.texinfo
@include include/fun-cl-rrt-adopt-children.texinfo

@node Copyright
@chapter Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Masataro Asai (guicho2.71828@@gmail.com)

@node License
@chapter License

Licensed under the LLGPL License.

@c Generated by Org mode 8.0-pre in Emacs 23.3.1.

@bye
